He went to the building and dared to do anything in front of me.
This one move defeated them,
It doesn't count, it doesn't matter if you get it in trade.
Not to mention Dayang, it’s so amazing that he just turned into two people,
I don't care about my sister,
Others just say it themselves, sister here,
I won’t close it here and go back.
I can't beat him. Look at that sect master.
Where is his sister Tiantian from Master Hu Dandan?
You are so scared.
Even if God comes, why should he go crazy first?
What a loud tone, why don’t you go and have a meal before?
But write about the underworld
Master hundreds of powerful gods in one stop
Only then did I get the recent glory
But I have already reached the realm of heaven and earth
Not to mention a century-old warrior
As long as you are willing to love me
To kill whatever you want to kill
Kill as many as you like
The trend is half-hearted
You dare to teach me